> I stopped trying to be the _**10x developer**_ that _**some**_ people _**thought they needed**_ and started being the _**good developer**_ that _**all**_ people _**knew they wanted**_.

Give that line another read or two.

I stopped worrying about always having the right answers and focused on asking the right questions.

I also learned that technical proficiency should almost always take a backseat to team culture, and moral. Obviously you need some sort of technical competency, but I'd argue that a team of well aligned mediocre engineers will outperform a team of bickering savants 9 times out of 10.

I learned pretty quickly that showing up to work with a big smile, a good attitude, and some energy (even when I had to fake it at times) got me so much further than a cynical approach and _always having the answer_. I'd even argue that my attitude made people more open to sharing and providing mentorship to me. I actually attribute a lot of my technical prowess to my ability to fall into favor with people around me with information to share.

By now it should be obvious that most of my success comes from 1 simple fact: **I absolutely love what I do.**

And attitude is important, but it's not everything.

#### I started building stuff

A couple of years ago was when I really started getting into building side projects. This was super impactful because it gave me the opportunity to really figure out **what interests me**. It also gave me a great way to re-invigorate myself whenever I found my work getting boring.

The primary benefit here is that I was able to add some projects to my resume, and show some activity on my github (Both important things when a hiring manager looks at your profile).

Here are some tips I found when building projects:

- The project DOES NOT need to be original
- The project DOES need to interest you
- It can suck... No one cares
  - bad code is fine
  - bad UX is (less) fine
  - just get it out the door, and make it suck less later
- Step 1 should be purchasing the domain name (I'm 100x more likely to finish a project if have some skin in the game)
- Step 2 should be creating the repo and deploying to a hosting service (more skin == more finish).
  - Day 1 of a project should end (at least) with _**something**_ hosted on a custom domain (nothing wrong with a counter app here)

#### I started leaning into my opinions

After I started stepping up and taking more of a leadership role at a previous job, my old boss used this phrase to describe my personality, and since then I can't get it out of my head.

> I have Strong Opinions, Loosely held

And I think this sums me up perfectly. It demonstrates that I have the experience I need to
