# Why I got fired, and How YOU can Learn from My Mistakes.

Back in mid march, my boss called me into a meeting and the first words out of his mouth were "We've decided it would be best for the company to part ways with you". The reason they gave me was pretty simple, they needed a frontend developer who could double as a UX Designer, and that wasn't me. I was crushed. The week prior, I along with the rest of the team had worked a total of around 80 hours (or around 14 hours per day + half of Saturday). The more I thought about it though, the more I realized I would have probably made the same decision. Working at an early stage startup was truly an exercise in learning how to create a quality UX with very little direction and even less margin for error. I gravitate more towards UI architecture (i.e. code organization, performance optimizations, scalability/maintainability, and other DX improvements), and I found I had a hard time building things that "looked nice" at the expense of code quality. I If I were in the same position as them, I would have probably let me go as well.

I got off of the call with my now ex-manager, walked straight to my bedroom, shut the door, and sobbed uncontrollably into my pillow. It felt like my entire world had come crashing down, and my career was doomed to be over. It's currently the most difficult market I've ever seen as a software engineer, and I've heard of people going YEARS without getting so much as an interview from an application. I was terrified. I think that part of me knew that this was likely an overreaction, but I also felt like it was important for me to take in whatever unfiltered emotions came my way.
